README.md, before:

# Lib-template

This repository is a template to make development of npm packages more straight forward. This first section should be used to state the purpose of the library and it main parts.

## Motivation

The central problem that justify the creation of this library, this makes the relevance of the solution clear.

# Usage

Some small text that gives a broad sense of how to use library. 

## Getting Started

How to install, import and initialize the package. If external dependencies exists, inform those and link installation instructions.

## A feature

Section to explain some concept of the package usage.

## Another feature

Same as last one.

## Wrapping up

Ending message recapitulating usage. Maybe inform about pitfalls or trade-offs involving the library usage.

# Testing and Demo

If available, inform how to clone and install the package. Also instruction to run the demo and tests. If involved in the process, describe how environment variables are injected.

# License

Made by [João Melo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joaomelo81/?locale=en_US) and licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

Commit message:

drafted subcollection limitation in README

README.md, after:

# Lib-template

This repository is a template to make development of npm packages more straight forward. This first section should be used to state the purpose of the library and it main parts.

## Motivation

The central problem that justify the creation of this library, this makes the relevance of the solution clear.

# Usage

Some small text that gives a broad sense of how to use library. 

## Getting Started

How to install, import and initialize the package. If external dependencies exists, inform those and link installation instructions.

## A feature

Section to explain some concept of the package usage.

## Another feature

Same as last one.

## Wrapping up

Ending message recapitulating usage. Maybe inform about pitfalls or trade-offs involving the library usage.

# Limitations

## Subcollections

Dos not know how to handle subcollections. The only one created is version. If savemode is turned d=to default and document is deleted, if a doument is deleted, firestore behaviour is to delete all document data but preserve the subcollection in it interity. 

# Testing and Demo

If available, inform how to clone and install the package. Also instruction to run the demo and tests. If involved in the process, describe how environment variables are injected.

# License

Made by [João Melo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joaomelo81/?locale=en_US) and licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details
